14-NOV-2022

It was about 5:45 I woke up,I was not feeling good about the environment, air around me, whispering something bad was going to happen, even though I never got up too early before. I start hearing some sounds…

There it is ,… There it is…,Catch it…,Kill it……
There it is ,… There it is…,Catch it…,Kill it……

Then i start remembering one of the conversation i heard ,

They are going to kill all of them. Not sure how but they decided to terminate all without mercy
I never took it too seriously, I thought they would never do that. That is the reason i never took those conversation  seriously

Back to 5:50 morning, it is too cold,I can breath barely , I woke up from bed and went outside usually i see them at door steps, surprisingly I could not see them
Meanwhile those chants There it is ,… There it is…,Catch it…,Kill it…… I can hear them closely

Now i came to all my senses and realized those conversations were true, they are killing all of them.
Now my heart start beating faster than never before and In my room many versions of me sitting around me and asking me

Why are you not stopping these killings

You are the one who  raised them

You took care of them so for

You fed them

Now you are letting them die
You fed them

Now you are letting them die

Sounds approached me closely  and they found first one and seems they injected it with poison
And that kid lay down helplessly and there is no hope that it can be saved and struggles for sometime and slowly the kid's eyes close and finally the kid is gone and it is gone……..

I had no heart to go out and see them lifeless
I had no heart to go out and see them lifeless

I hear they found another and after that another and so on and so on……

It is about 6 and my alarm rang but no use it is no longer useful.

I hardly move my feed and and I had hard feeing in my heart That I could not save those 4 dogs
Finally i decided to go out and say last good bye to them

I just stepped out then first thing is saw was one of them is still alive and fighting for its life hiding in the corner,I have no courage to look into its eyes but i dared to look into it eyes and I can see. it spoke to me …..

Save me
Save me

Save me

They killed all other three

Do something

And all of the sudden that kid dog was dragged from back

And I can not see into that dog kid anymore and I can not see it to die

I turned my head from it and walked into my room
I turned my head from it and walked into my room

Then I can hear they injected poison and I hear it moaning to death and after sometime it stopped  moning passed away

All 4 of them are gone

 And i could not do anything and the guilt that i could not save those 4 dogs stays with me for lifetime
I never thought those lives ends like this

After all that when i sat and many question dwelling in my head

Telling me incapable to save the lives that depends on me and I cold not save

This stays with me life time

If you love something never give up on it  and fight for them till the end
What all i want to ask those 4 kid dogs sorry sorry , I could not save you

The End

No matter, what age you are at.

There is always a child within in.

Wishing that child happy children's days